today we are shooting our traditional
heading practice this time she
devoted to the offseason one of
features of the autumn styles it
quite dark some seem
boring and the color scheme we call with
fight her
one of the ways is an unusual embroidery
for example on lapels here pockets on
jacket
or even on a tie for loss
this is one of the main features of this
pretty thick sole first
functionally in the second autumn image
always generally more massive rude in
This season they have been very helpful
popular and manti
she is
important news about style is vest
practical and comfortable and functional
such a tight waistcoat with large
number of parts and leather
elements
better to combine doubt formal
things from the suit already fit more
minimalistic simple unusual adrian
the jacket is different because firstly he
quilted and with pretty tight
filler meaning it will not be cold
since this is not a formal option
by the way better with everyday things
jeans surround knitted scarf and
rough shoes say that big
part of any real gentleman
should be brown
Chelsea for those who do not like to tie
shoelaces if the presence of shoelaces doesn't
confused that our choice
classic gilbert and